PRIVACY POLICY (updated 3/15/2022)

This is the privacy policy for the web and native components of this app (The COVID CO2 Tracker website, and the CO2 Tracker uploader).

This app is designed for sharing measurements with the public at large. I may use said measurements and associated data in any legal way that I see fit.

By design, nothing you upload will be kept private. This may change in the future, but this is very much the entire spirit of this app.


LOCATION:

While the native client app ("CO2 Tracker uploader") requests background location permission, it does *not* have *direct* use for phone location APIs. Instead, this is because Android requires location permissions to use bluetooth in the background. When used as intended, this app uploads CO2 measurements to a publicly-accessible website, with information connecting those measurements to a user-configured location in Google Maps. 

Therefore, intended use of this app explicitly reveals the users presence at a specific user-configured location. The intention is for the app to be run on a device that rarely leaves this location, but any measurements uploaded while away from the user-configured location will be attributed to the user-configured location. Thus, user location is not "shared" in any way unless the user explicitly opts in to sharing that location. This is an obvious privacy concern: If you wish to keep your CO2 measurements and location completely private and share with nobody else, do not use this app!


LOG IN/GOOGLE SIGN IN:

When you log in with google, I store only 3 pieces of the information returned:
    1. The email address associated with your google account, if it's not already stored. I currently do not update on changes. 
    2. The name associated with your google account, if it's not already stored. I currently do not update on changes.
    3. The permanent unique identifier that google produces for identifying you uniquely in this application. (The 'sub' OAuth field).

Items 1 and 2 are not strictly necessary for the basic functioning of the app, but it makes for a nice user experience. The email address is never displayed anywhere in the app, but I may use it to contact you for diagnostic/debugging reasons should I recieve an error report through Sentry. The name associated with your google account is displayed alongside the measurement info in the "more info" detailed measurement display. 

Item #3, the unique identifier, is central to the functioning of the app, as it lets me implement login without adding to the infinite misery people already have with passwords. I thus do not need to even store passwords.

I do not sell any of this information for advertising purposes or to advertisers. I hate spam.

Clever hackers and criminals MIGHT be able to use any data you post for malicious activities, as they can with any freely available information; be warned. 


For GDPR compliance, I will in the future implement a way to delete all of your data. The app is currently an late stage prototype, and I simply haven't implemented it yet. You also have a right to copies of your data, though I have not yet implemented automated export functionality. Contact me if you have a need for that. I have a right to charge small, reasonable, fees for that work.

I reserve the right to run ads in the future, even though it's not why I am building this. There may be privacy implications for this, and I will update these terms accordingly. I currently have no plans to run ads.

If you use geolocation in the web console, I do NOT store that data. It is used to pan the map window in the same fashion as if you'd panned with the mouse.

These terms are subject to change.

My email address is test35965 [[a t]] gmail.com. You may alternately reach me at alexander [[a t]] riccio.com, though that email simply routes to my gmail.
