1.  Do good, not evil.
2.  I reserve the right to revoke your access to this app at any time.
3.  I reserve the right to change these, and the privacy policy, arbitrarily, in the future.
4.  You MUST NOT use this app if you are under the age of 13. I do not want COPPA violations.
5.  Do not use this app to break the law in your local jurisdiction in any way.
6.  Do not get me in legal trouble.
7.  Think carefully before using this app to cause what John Lewis would call "good trouble".
8.  Don't use this app for immigration enforcement.
9.  Do not use this app in furtherance of any racist cause, or to spread hate.
10. Do not use this app to determine the approximate location of other users.
11. Do not use this app to justify relaxation of COVID safety measures. It's advice on what's dangerous, not what's safe.
12. Don't use this app to target harrassment at users, or businesses. Gentle nudging only. Use of data derived from this app in public discussion is allowed to the point that it does not cause harm.
13. I take no responsibility for the ACCURACY of any posted data, though I may make efforts to improve it.
14. If you wish to profit from this app or any products derived therefrom, you must strike a written agreement with me.
15. You may ask me to correct information that is grossly inaccurate, and that you cannot correct yourself. I make no guarantees that I will indeed do so.
16. Do not slander others, or businesses, in ways that are not otherwise covered.
17. Do not use this app to disseminate sensitive and private information of others.
18. Do not upload any sensitive private information of your own.
19. If you have some kind of financial or employment relationship with an individual that has posted measurements here, you MUST NOT use this information to retaliate against them. I reserve the right to hold you legally accountable.
20. You must not willfully submit incorrect information.
21. You must not use any information available in this app in legal proceedings that are primarily intended to discourage public participation in CO2 measurement and discourse thereof.
22. I reserve the right to publish a code of conduct in the future.

My email address is test35965 [[a t]] gmail.com. My name is Alexander Riccio.